ENH: Compute Array Statistics error messages and documentation updates (#1496)
BlueQuartzSoftware/complex: src/Plugins/SimplnxCore/docs/ComputeArrayStatisticsFilter.md

> Special operations occur for certain statistics if the supplied array is of type *bool* (for example, a mask array produced when thresholding).  The length, minimum, maximum, median, mode,and summation are computed as normal (although the resulting values may be platform dependent).  The mean and standard deviation for a boolean array will be true if there are more instances of true in the array than false.  If *Standardize Data* is chosen for a boolean array, no actual modifications will be made to the input.  These operations for boolean inputs are chosen as a basic convention, and are not intended be representative of true boolean logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special operations occur for certain statistics if the supplied array is of type *bool* (for example, a mask array produced from threshold filters).  The *length*, *minimum*, *maximum*, *median*, *mode*, and *summation* are computed as normal (although the resulting values may be platform dependent).  The *mean* and *standard deviation* for a boolean array will be true if there are more instances of true in the array than false.  If *Standardize Data* is chosen for a boolean array, no actual modifications will be made to the input.  These operations for boolean inputs are chosen as a basic convention, and are not intended be representative of true boolean logic.
```

## Destination Attribute Matrix 

> The user must create a destination **Attribute Matrix** in which the computed statistics will be stored. DREAM3D-NX enforces a rule where any Attribute Matrix cannot containe another AttributeMatrix. With this in mind the user should select a destination that is not itself an Attribute Matrix such as the top level of a Geometry or the top level of the Data Structure itself. The user could have also created a group (using a previous filter) and use that group as the destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user must create a destination **Attribute Matrix** in which the computed statistics will be stored. DREAM3D-NX enforces a rule where any Attribute Matrix cannot contain another Attribute Matrix. With this in mind, the user should select a destination that is not itself an Attribute Matrix, such as the top level of a Geometry or the top level of the Data Structure itself. The user could have also created a group (using a previous filter) and use that group as the destination.
```
